I think it's very sad do you know what
what an ass were they thinking about
doing this to their belt heritage you
know this is this is a really important
part of Scotland's history I i thought
the young people these days are actually
very proud of being Scots it doesn't
depict any trade at all when you go go
vandalizing a building which is right at
the heart of this community and it's
just very very sad that people have got
nothing better to do than going threw
stones at this precious building fabric
this window here dates from about 1913
the other one the creation went two days
from 1885 or thereabouts-- they are
repairable but it will mean that the
they'll have to be a scuffle directed at
each window each large panel of glasses
to be taken out and taken to a
specialist stained glass artists studio
where it can be restored but it's a very
painstaking process to do that and well
the church is going to be without some
of its windows for a reasonable number
of months well that's done and also a
considerable cost I'm not sure how many
of the congregation yet no but certainly
the ladies groups the flower group who
were in the church meeting last night
when the the building was being
bombarded from the second time were very
frightened by it but not frightened
enough to to actually technique chase
after the after the miscreants they
didn't manage to catch them
unfortunately because I don't know what
these ladies might have done to them of
the ad well this church is probably one
of the finest medieval churches in
Scotland at ranks along with others such
as glasgow cathedral sand Giles of
scenarios and addington it's one of the
sort of top for medieval churches and
obviously a very iconic building we're
located as it is right beside the Stuart
palace in the mythical here
measure the people that this was a
senseless mindless act it was also
reckless as well you could have
the people inside injured by the glasses
turns up a fling in and this wasn't
applying this wasn't a joke this was
criminal damage which is damaged I
started building in your time and also
damaging community as well